---
title: "Annotated Draft of Code of Regulations"
runningheader: "Annotated Draft of Code of Regulations" # only for pdf output
subtitle: "Amberson Towers Condominium Association" # only for html output
author: "Governance Committee"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
output:
  tufte::tufte_html: default
  tufte::tufte_handout:
    citation_package: natbib
    latex_engine: xelatex
  tufte::tufte_book:
    citation_package: natbib
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
library(tufte)
# invalidate cache when the tufte version changes
knitr::opts_chunk$set(cache.extra = packageVersion('tufte'))
options(htmltools.dir.version = FALSE)
```

***

This document contains a copy of *Code of Regulations Update Draft 1.pdf" posted by Gil Citro* to *basecamp* on 6 March 2022. In the right margin I annotated the draft copy with the *Notes* Gil entered on basecamp along with the draft code.

 David Passmore

***


# AMBERSON TOWERS CODE OF REGULATIONS


## ARTICLE I: Applicable Statute

This Code of Regulations is adopted pursuant to the Unit Property Act of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, (Act of July 3, 1963, P.L. 196, 68P.S.
Sec. 700.301)

## ARTICLE II: Identity of Property

The property to which this Code shall apply is described in the
Declaration recorded in the Recorder's Office of Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania, in Deed Book Volume 5909 , Page 507 , and in the
Declaration Plan recorded in said office in Plan Book Volume 103, Pages
167 to 193 on February 15, 1978.

## ARTICLE III: Name and Address

### Section 1

The condominium shall be known by the name of AMBERSON TOWERS.

### Section 2

The registered office of Amberson Towers shall be 5 Bayard Road,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15213.

## ARTICLE IV: Meetings and Voting Rights of Unit Owner

### Section 1

All meetings of Unit Owners shall be held at the principal office of
Amberson Towers or at such other place within the County of Allegheny,
Pennsylvania, as the Council shall determine from time to time, or by
electronic means.

### Section 2

(a) Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Unit Owners shall be held
    in the month of May in each year on a date and time as shall be
    decided by the Council. At such meeting, the Unit Owners shall elect
    the Council and transact such other business as may come before the
    meeting.

(b) Budget Meeting. A meeting of Unit Owners to approve the annual
    budget shall be held in the month of November December on a date and
    time as shall be decided by the Council.

### Section 3

Special meetings of the Unit Owners may be called at any time after the
annual meeting of the Unit Owners in 1979, for any purpose or purposes
by the President, or by a majority of the Council or by not less than
ten twenty percent (10% 20%) of all of the then Unit Owners entitled to
vote at the meeting called. At any time upon written request of any
person or persons entitled to call a special meeting, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary to call the meeting of the Unit Owners entitled to
vote therat, but no less than ten (10) nor more than fifteen (15) days
after the receipt of the request. If the Secretary shall neglect or
refuse to issue such call, the person or persons making the request may
do so. All requests for special meetings shall be in writing and shall
specify the purpose or purposes thereof. The business to be transacted
at all special meetings shall be limited to the purpose or purposes set
forth in the notice thereof and matters germane thereto.

### Section 4

Written notice of each meeting of the Unit Owners shall be given by or
at the direction of the Secretary or other person authorized to call the
meeting, by mailing a copy of such notice, postage prepaid, at least ten
(10) days before such meeting to each Unit Owner entitled to vote
thereat, addressed to the Unit Owner's address last appearing on the
books of the Council or supplied by such Unit Owner to the Council for
the purpose of notice. Such notice shall specify the place, day and hour
of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose of
meeting. **Such notice shall be accompanied by a ballot through which each
Unit Owner may vote on all questions to be decided by the meeting,
whether or not they attend the meeting.** If the said Unit Owner is a
resident of Amberson Towers, it is sufficient compliance with this
section to place the said notice **and ballot** in their mail box or deliver it to their Unit. **If the said Unit Owner has consented to receive
notification via electronic means, it is sufficient compliance with this
section to deliver the notice via such means, and to deliver a ballot
electronically immediately upon conclusion of the meeting.**

### Section 5

The president, or in his absence, the Vice-President, shall preside at
all such meetings.

### Section 6

(a) **Prior to the annual meeting and budget meeting, questions to be
    decided by the meeting shall be placed on the agenda pursuant to a
    vote of a majority of Council or petition by at least six (6) Unit
    Owners holding ownership shares in at least six (6) different units.
    Petitions from owners must be submitted in writing to the Secretary
    no later than April 1 for consideration at the annual meeting or
    October 1 for consideration at the budget meeting. Upon receipt,
    petitions shall be distributed to the owners for comment and
    discussion. Council may recommend, but not require, that owners
    amend their petitions for clarity and/or consistency. Amended
    petitions must be submitted prior to the announcement of the
    meeting, for inclusion on the ballot.**

(b) ~~At every meeting of the Unit Owners, each~~ **Each** Unit Owner --present , in
person or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereat,-- shall have the right
to cast the number of shares set forth opposite his Unit number in the
Declaration --Schedule A--. --The vote of fifty-one (51) percent of the number of votes represented and entitled to vote at such meeting shall decide any question brought before such meeting,-- **Voting shall take place subsequent to the
meeting, via paper and/or electronic ballot, and shall remain open for
14 days. Approval of any questions brought before such meeting shall
require an affirmative vote of both a majority of shares voting and of
25% of total shares,** The vote of fifty-one (51) percent a majority of of
the number of votes represented and entitled to vote at such meeting
shares voted shall decide any question brought before such meeting,
unless the question is one upon which, by express provision or statute
or of the Declaration or of this Code of Regulations, a different vote
is required, in which case, such express provisions shall govern and
control.

(c) If the owner of a unit is a corporation, limited liability company,
    partnership, trust, unincorporated association or other legal
    entity, the natural person who shall be entitled to cast the vote
    for such unit shall be the person named in a certificate executed by
    such entity pursuant to its governing documents. If the owner of a
    unit is a trust, the trustee or trustees shall be deemed to be the
    owner for the voting purposes. Where the ownership of a unit is in
    more than one person, the natural person who shall be entitled to
    cast the vote of such unit shall be the person named in a
    certificate executed by all of the owners of such unit and filed
    with the secretary. Such certificate may also be executed by any of
    the unit owners individually, if accompanied by an attestation that
    all the unit owners are in agreement, and shall be assumed to be
    valid if none of the other unit owners protest. Such certificate may
    be filed electronically, if digitally signed. or, in the absence of
    such named person from the meeting or the failure to execute and
    file such a certificate, the person who shall be entitled to cast
    the vote of such unit shall be the person owning such unit who is
    present. If more than one of the multiple owners are present, the
    votes allocated to that unit may be cast only in accordance with
    their unanimous agreement. There shall be deemed to be unanimous
    agreement if any one of the multiple owners casts the votes
    allocated to that unit without protest being made promptly to the
    person presiding over the meeting by any of the other owners of the
    unit. Such certificate shall be valid until revoked by a subsequent
    certificate similarly executed. Subject to the provisions of the
    Declaration and Code of Regulations, wherever the approval or
    disapproval of a Unit Owner is required, such approval or
    disapproval shall be made only by the person who would be entitled
    to cast the vote of such unit at any meeting of the Association.

### Section 7

(a) Votes allocated to a unit may be cast pursuant to a proxy duly
    executed by a Unit Owner. Votes allocated to a unit may be cast only
    by a natural person entitled to do so pursuant to Article IV,
    Section 6, and may not be cast via proxy, unless recognition of
    proxies is required by law, in which case they will be utilized to
    the most limited extent required by law. If a unit is owned by more
    than one person, each owner of the unit may vote or register protest
    to the casting of votes by the other owners of the unit through a
    duly executed proxy. All proxies shall be in writing and shall be
    filed with the Secretary and by him entered of record in the minutes
    of the meeting. Exercise of any proxy not entered into the minutes
    of the meeting shall be null and void, and any decision relying upon
    or influenced by such exercise shall also be null and void. A Unit
    Owner may appoint only another Unit Owner, who is a natural person,
    as his, her or its proxy. If the owner of a unit is a corporation,
    limited liability company, partnership, trust, unincorporated
    association or other legal entity, the proxy may be issued to a
    natural person who is a fiduciary, an officer or who has an
    ownership interest in the legal entity. No Unit Owners of any one
    unit may hold proxies issued by the owners of more than one other
    unit. If the proxy is issued by a Unit Owner who is a legal entity,
    the proxy shall be executed by a person duly authorized, accompanied
    by a notarized Acknowledgment that he/she is authorized to issue a
    proxy to the person named therein.

(b) All proxies are revocable at will, upon notice to the secretary,
    prior to distribution of ballots. However, a Unit Owner may not
    revoke a proxy given pursuant to this section except by actual
    notice of revocation to the person presiding over a meeting of the
    association. A proxy is void if it is not dated or purports to be
    revocable without notice. A proxy terminates one year after its date
    unless it specifies a shorter term. Proxies are not transferable and
    automatically terminate upon the death of, or the sale, transfer or
    conveyance of the Unit, by the maker of the proxy to another person.

### Section 8

Either before or after any meeting, a Unit Owner may, in writing, waive
notice of such meeting. Such waiver of notice in writing, signed by the
peron or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such
notice. Except in the case of a special meeting, neither the business to
be transacted at, nor the purpose of, the meeting need be specified in
the waiver of notice of such meeting.

### Section 9

Attendance of a Unit Owner, either in person or by proxy, at any
meeting, or participation in voting subsequent to the meeting, shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a Unit Owner
attend a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction
of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened.

### Section 10

The number of Unit Owners having a majority 25% of voting rights
entitled to vote at any meeting , present or by proxy, shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business. If, however, such majority
shall not be present or represented at any meeting, the Unit Owners
entitled to vote thereat, present or by proxy, shall have power to
adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than
announcement of such meeting, until 20% of the votes in the Association
shall be present or represented by proxy at the beginning of the
adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted at the meeting as
originally called.

### Section 11

The meetings of owners shall be conducted in accordance with Robert's
Rules of Order (latest edition). The purpose of the annual meeting is to
receive reports of officers and committees, to elect members of Council,
and conduct the transaction of any other business as may be brought
before the meeting. The President of the Council/Association or, in his
absence, the Vice President, shall act as chairperson and presiding
officer at the annual meeting. The order of business at all annual
meetings of the Unit Owners shall, unless otherwise determined by the
presiding officer or action of the Unit Owners present or represented,
be as follows:

(a) Roll call;
(b) Proof of notice of meeting or waiver of notice;\
(c) Reading of minutes of preceding meeting;\
(d) Report of officers;\
(e) Reports of committees;\
(f) Report of property manager;\
(g) Appointment of inspectors of election by the president or chair
    person;\
    (fg) Questions for candidates for Council (at the annual meeting)
    Election of council;\
(h) Questions concerning the budget proposal (at the budget meeting)\
(i) Other items of business placed on the agenda.Unfinished business;\
(j) New business.

## ARTICLE V: Council

### Section 1

The Amberson Towers Condominium Association consists of all Unit Owners
of Amberson Towers. The business and affairs of the Amberson Towers
Condominium Association (a nonprofit corporation) shall be managed,
administered and governed by a Council composed of Five (5) natural
persons, who shall be Unit Owners residing in Amberson Towers and who
shall have at least one year of residency in Amberson Towers. Any
council member who ceases to be a resident shall thereby become
ineligible for council membership; the resulting vacancy shall be filled
by the procedures described in Article V, Section 4. , have an ownership
interest in or are the trustees, partners, members, or officers of a
Unit owned by a partnership, trust, corporation, limited liability
company or other legal entity and who or which shall have been owners of
a Unit and residents of Amberson Towers for at least one year prior to
their election to the Council. There may only be one (1) Council member
from any one (1) Unit at any time. No Unit Owner shall be eligible for
election to more than two full, consecutive terms as a member of
Council. The officers of the Council shall also serve as the officers of
the Amberson Towers Condominium Association. Any council member who
fails to attend and participate in three consecutive meetings of Council
either in person, or by electronic means if such means is authorized by
Council, without a medical excuse or other good cause, may, after notice
and opportunity to be heard, be removed by the unanimous vote of all
other Council members in attendance at the meeting; the resulting
vacancy shall be filled by the procedures described in Article V,
Section 4. Electronic means is defined as attendance via telephone,
video or audio conferencing, or other electronic device.

### Section 2

Each Council member named in the Declaration shall hold office until the
annual meeting of the Unit Owners in the year 1979 or until his
successor shall have been elected and qualified, which shall first
occur.

### Section 3

At the annual meeting of the Unit Owners in the year 1979, the term of
Office of Two (2) Council members elected shall be for three (3) years;
and the term of office of Two (2) Council members shall be for Two (2)
years; and the term of office of One (1) Council member elected shall be
for One (1) year. The Council members receiving the largest number of
votes shall serve the longest terms. At the expiration of the term of
office of each respective Council member, his successor shall be elected
to serve a term of Three (3) years. The Council member shall hold office
until their successors have been elected and qualified.

In all elections of Council members, each Unit Owner shall rank the
candidates in order of preference. Votes shall be tabulated by the
method of single transferable vote, as described in Appendix A. have the
right, in person or by proxy, to multiply the number of votes to which
he may be entitled by the number of directors to be elected and he may
cast the whole number of said votes for one candidate or he may
distribute them among any two or more candidates.

### Section 4

Vacancies in the Council shall be filled by a unanimous vote majority of
the remaining Council members and each person so elected shall be a
Council member until his successor is elected by the Unit Owners, who
may shall make such election at the next annual regular meeting of the
Unit Owners or at any special meeting duly called for that purpose.

### Section 5

Any one or more of the Council members may be removed with or without
cause by vote of two-thirds of the Unit Owners, following any duly held
regular meeting or special meeting called for such a purpose. Such a
motion must be made in advance of the meeting, for inclusion on the
meeting ballot, pursuant to the provisions of ARTICLE IV, Section 6.
Approval of a motion to remove a Council member shall require approval
of 2/3 of shares voted and 1/3 of total shares. A vacancy thus created
shall be filled according to the provisions of ARTICLE V, Section 4.
entitled to vote at any duly held regular or special meeting of the Unit
Owners, and a successor may be elected to fill the vacancy thus created.

### Section 6

No person shall receive any compensation for acting as a Council memeber
but may receive compensation for services rendered to or for Amberson
Towers in any other capacity.

No member of Council shall receive monetary or other compensation from
the Association during their term in office.

### Section 7

The Council may exercise all such powers of Amberson Towers and may do
all such acts and things, as are not by law or by this Code of
Regulations directed or required to be exercised and done by the Unit
Owners.

### Section 8

The Council shall require that all officers and employees handling its
funds shall furnish fidelity bonds in such amounts as the Council shall
determine. The premium on such bonds shall be paid by Amberson Towers.

### Section 9

The meetings of Council shall be conducted in accordance with Robert's
Rules of Order (latest edition). Meetings of the Council shall be held
at the principal office of Amberson Towers or at such place within the
County of Allegheny as a majority of the Council may from time to time
designate. With approval of a majority of Council, meetings may also be
held by electronic means, including but not limited to telephone, video
or audio conferencing, or other electronic device.

### Section 10

The first meeting of each new Council elected by the Unit Owners shall
be held within thirty (30) days after such election upon at least five
(5) days' written notice.

### Section 11

Regular meetings of the Council may be held at such time or times and
place as shall be determined by a majority of the Council. Notice of
regular meetings of the Council shall be given to each Council member
personally or in writing, including via electronic means customarily in
use, or by other or by mail or by telegram, at least five (5) days prior
to the day fixed for such meeting.

### Section 12

Special meetings of the Council may be called by the President on not
less than five (5) days' notice to each Council member either personally
or in writing, including via electronic means customarily in use or by
mail or by telegraph, which notice shall state the time, place, and
purposes of such meetings. Special meetings of the Council may also be
called in like manner and upon like notice on the written request of at
least three Council members.

### Section 13

Either before or after any meeting of the Council any Council member
may, in writing, waive notice of such meeting and such waiver shall be
deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Attendance by a Council
member at any meeting of the Council shall be a waiver by him of notice
of the time and place thereof, unless said Council member has attended
for the sole purpose of objecting to the meeting. If all the Council
members are present at any meeting of the Council, except for the
purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business for good and
lawful cause, no notice shall be required and any business may be
transacted at such meeting.

### Section 14

At all meetings of the Council, a majority of the Council members in
office shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. Council members must be present, in person or by electronic
means, to record a vote, and may not indicate a vote in advance of the
meeting. It shall require an affirmative vote of a majority of all
Council members in office to ratify any action of the Council. , and the
acts of the majority of the Council members present at a meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Council. If, at any
meeting of the Council, there be less than a quorum present, the
majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time. At
any such adjourned meeting, any business which might have been
transacted at the meeting as originally called may be transacted without
further notice.

### Section 15

If all the Council members shall severally or collectively consent, in
writing, duly filed with the Secretary to any action to be taken by
Amberson Towers, such action shall be as valid as though it had been
authorized at a meeting of the Council. Such action shall be immediately
announced to the Unit Owners, and shall be included in the minutes of
the subsequent Council meeting.

### Section 16

The Council members, by resolution adopted by the majority of the entire
Council, may at any time elect two (2) or more of their number as an
executive committee which shall, in the intervals between meetings of
the Council, exercise such powers and perform such duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the Council. Unless otherwise authorized
by the Council, such committee shall act by unanimous vote of its
members at a meeting or by a writing signed by all its members. Any act
or thing done by such committee within the scope of the power delegated
to it, shall be as effective for all purposes as the act or
authorization of the Council. The committee shall keep regular minutes
of its proceedings and shall report to the Council all actions taken by
it.

### Section 17

The Council shall have the following powers and duties in addition to
those vested in it under the law, the Declaration and this Code of
Regulations:

(a) The maintenance, repair and replacement of the common elements;

(b) The assessment and collection of funds from the Unit Owners for
    common expenses and the payment of such common expenses;
    
(c) The promulgation, distribution and enforcement of rules governing
    the details of the use and operation of the property and the use of
    the common elements, subject to the right of the Unit Owners to
    change any such rules at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to
    Article IV, Section 6. number of the unit owners which constitute 60
    percent of the votes represented and entitled to vote at any regular
    or special meeting to change any such rules;
    
(d) To appoint, employ and remove at any time any agent, or employee;
    and to prescribe the duties of and fix the compensation for any
    agent or employee. Nothing contained in this Code of Regulations
    shall be construed to prohibit the employment of any Unit Owners,
    who are not members of Council, Officers or Council Member in any
    capacity whatsoever;
    
(e) To exercise for Amberson Towers all powers, duties, and authority
    vested in or delegated to it which it may lawfully exercise, in
    carrying out or in furtherance of its purposes or any of them;
    
(f) To submit at each annual meeting of the to the Unit Owners a
    statement of the operations of Amberson Towers during the preceding
    year, together with a report of its general financial condition.
    Copies of such annual financial reports shall be sent to each Unit
    Owners within sixty (60) days following the close of the preceding
    fiscal year, along with a copy to the Mortgagee of any Unit who has
    requested the same in writing; the said mortgagees can also examine
    the books and records of the condominium;
    
(g) To make or cause to be made a proposed budget for the ensuing year,
    a copy of which shall be mailed to each Unit Owner at least ten (10)
    days prior to the annual budget meeting.
    
(h) To elect all officers and to fill all vacancies which may occur.

## ARTICLE VI: Officers

### Section 1

All officers of the Council and Amberson Towers Condominium Association
shall be natural persons. The officers of the Council and Amberson
Towers Condominium Association shall be a president and a
vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer, and such other officers as
the Council may create by resolution from time to time. Any officer may
be removed by a majority of the entire Council at any time. All of said
officers shall be elected by the Council and each such officer shall
hold office until his successor is elected and qualified. No person may
be an officer who is not a member of Council. No person shall serve as
the president or vice president unless he/she has served on Council for
at least one (1) year prior to their election. No person shall serve as
president for more than two years out of five consecutive years. A
member shall be considered to have served for one year if they have
served as president for any period of time between consecutive annual
meetings.

### Section 2

The election of officers shall take place at the first meeting of the
Council following each annual meeting of the Unit Owners.

### Section 3

The president and vice-president of Council shall be the president and
vice-president of Amberson Towers Condominium Association.

### Section 4

The president shall be the chief executive officer of Amberson Towers
Condominium Association. He shall preside at all meetings of the Unit
Owners and of the Council. He shall have general and active management
of the business of Amberson Towers Condominium Association.

### Section 5

The vice-president shall, in the absence or disability of the president,
perform the duties and exercise the powers of the president. He shall
also perform such other duties as shall from time to time be delegated
to him by the Council.

### Section 6

The secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings of the Unit Owners;
he or she shall have charge of such of the books and papers as the
Council may direct, all of which shall, at reasonable times and for
reasonable purposes, be open to the examination of any Unit Owner,
Officer or Council member, upon application at the office of Amberson
Towers during business hours.

### Section 7

The treasurer shall have custody of Amberson Towers Condominium
Association funds and securities and shall cause full and accurate
accounts of receipts and disbursements to be kept in books belonging to
Amberson Towers Condominium Association. He shall deposit all monies and
other valuable effects in the name, and to the credit of Amberson Towers
Condominium Association in such depositories as may from time to time be
designated by the Council.

### Section 8

As assistant secretary, if appointed, shall in the absence or disability
of the secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
secretary and such other duties as shall be delegated to him by the
Council.

### Section 9

As assistant treasurer, if appointed, shall, in the absence or
disability of the treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers
of the treasurer.

### Section 10

No person shall receive any monetary or other compensation for acting as
an officer of Amberson Towers Condominium Association or Council. but
may receive compensation for services rendered to or for Amberson
Towers, the Association or Council in any other capacity.

## ARTICLE VII: Payment of Common Expenses and Other Expenses by Unit Owners

### Section 1

As provided in Article V, Section 17, the Council shall determine all
matters relating to maintenance, repair and replacement of the common
elements and also all matters relating to the common expenses.

### Section 2

The Council shall pro-rate all costs involved in Section 1 above, among
all the Unit Owners in proportion to their ownership in the common
elements, provided, however, that if any cost is occasioned by the
negligence of any unit owner or owners, said costs shall be borne by
said unit owner or owners.

### Section 3

The total amount of the charges required for each calendar year shall be
estimated by the Council at least one (1) month prior to the beginning
of each calendar year. Such estimate may include an amount for
unanticipated or under-estimated costs, charges and expenses and
deficits incurred in any prior year or years, and may further include
amounts to be accumulated in any reserve funds for expenditures which
may be required in future years for other than ordinary current
maintenance, repairs, costs and expenses. The first such charge may be
estimated and made for less than a full year, and in such event the
Maintenance Charge for such period shall be payable in equal monthly
installments for the remainder of such calendar year, beginning on the
first day of the month immediately following the determination of such
estimate by the Council. Thereafter, each annual Maintenance Charge
shall be payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments beginning on
the first day of January of each calendar year.

The annual budget shall be sent to Unit Owners at least ten (10) days
prior to the annual budget meeting, at which time the budget shall be
approved in the same manner as other business brought before the
meeting. After the annual budget has been approved by the required vote,
the Council shall cause a statement to be sent to each Unit Owner; which
statement shall reflect the total amount of the annual maintenance
budget thus approved, the common element percentage obligation therefor
attaching to each respective unit and the corresponding monthly payments
to be made by each Unit Owner. Each Unit Owner shall then be required to
make his respective Monthly Maintenance Payment to the Council or its
designee without further billing or request therefor. Any charge
assessed against a unit may be enforced by suit by the Council acting on
behalf of the unit owners in an action in assumpsit; provided, that each
suit when files shall refer to the Unit Property Act, Act of July 3,
1963, P.L. 196, and to the unit against which the assessment is made and
the owner thereof and shall be indexed by the prothonotary as lis
pendens. Any judgment against a unit and its owners shall be enforceable
in the same manner as is otherwise provided by law.

Until the Council shall otherwise determine, the monthly charges to be
paid by each Unit Owner shall be in accordance with the budget attached.

### Section 4

In the event that the Council decides that additional monies are
required in addition to those set forth in the annual budget, the
Council shall give the Unit Owners at least Thirty (30) days written
notice of the total monies required and allocate amounts among the Unit
Owners together with time for payment of said proportionate amounts
which may be at one time or in installments, as the Council decides,
provided, however, that if Unit Owners representing forty (40%) percent
of the votes of Amberson Towers object in writing to said additional
assessments within fifteen (15) days after mailing of such notice, the
Council shall call a special meeting of the Unit Owners for the purpose
of obtaining approval of said assessments, at which meeting the
assessments of the Council must receive the same affirmative vote as in
the case of the annual budget.

### Section 5

Any surplus funds remaining at the end of the calendar year may, at the
discretion of and at the time determined by the Council, be refunded in
whole or in part to the then Unit Owners proportionately according to
the common element percentages attaching to each unit, or may be applied
in the said proportion as a result to future Maintenance Charges to
become payable by each Unit Owner for each dwelling unit or may be
deposited to any reserve fund established by Council. In the event that
any refunds or credits against future Maintenance Charges are to be made
or given, the amount thereof to which any such Unit Owner shall be
entitled may be applied toward the payment of any indebtedness of such
Unit Owner to Council.

### Section 6

The Council shall maintain fire and other hazard and liability insurance
on the entire property, and take charge of disbursement of fire and
other hazard insurance and other proceeds for repair or reconstruction
of any portion of the property, and arranging for the management of the
property pursuant to an agreement containing provisions relating to the
duties, obligations, removal and compensation of the management agent.

### Section 7

From the funds appropriated under and pursuant to the Annual Budget and
paid to the Council by way of Monthly Maintenance Payments, the Council
shall acquire and pay for:

(a) A policy or policies of fire and other hazard insurance for the full
    insurable value (replacement cost) of the building and improvements
    in the project (unless paid for by mortgage from funds impounded for
    that purpose). These policies shall be reviewed once a year and
    increased as necessary to provide maximum coverage. Such insurance
    shall be obtained in the name of the Council as Trustee for all of
    the owners and their mortgagees, as their interest appears. The
    provisions hereof are not to be construed as diminishing the right
    of such owner to insure his particular unit for the owner's
    individual benefit;

(b) A policy or policies of insurance insuring the Council and all of
    the Unit Owners against any liability to the public or to the Unit
    Owners, their invitees, guests, and tenants, incident to the
    ownership and use of the common elements and the units; the
    liability under such policies shall be not less than One Million
    (\$1,000,000) Dollars for any one accident, and One Hundred Thousand
    (\$100,000) Dollars for property damage, and such policy limits
    shall be reviewed at least every three (3) years by the Council and
    may be increased in its discretion. Said policy to cover acts of
    Council and officers.

(c) A policy of Workmen's Compensation Insurance to the extent necessary
    to comply with applicable laws.

### Section 8

The holder of a first mortgage or any unit shall be entitled to give
written notice of the existence of its mortgage to the Council and shall
include in such notice an address to which all notices and
correspondence may be sent. If the holder of a first mortgage has given
such notice to Council, it shall be entitled to written notice from the
Council of any default by its mortgagor in the performance of such
mortgagor's obligations under the condominium regime which is not cured
within thirty (30) days.

## ARTICLE VIII: Sale or Lease by Unit Owner, Use Restrictions

### Section 1: Sale or Lease by Unit Owner

Any owner who wishes to sell , lease, or rent his unit shall, at least
seven thirty (730) days prior to accepting any offer to sell, lease or
rent, give Council written notice of the terms of such offer, which
notice shall specify the name and address of the offeror. If, within the
said seven thirty (730) day period, time being of the essence, Council
or its nominee submits to the owner an identical or more favorable offer
to sell, lease, or rent, the selling owner must accept the offer of said
Council in preference to the original offer described in the notice. In
the event Council fails to submit in writing to the selling owner an
identical or more favorable offer within seven thirty (730) days of
receipt of notice of the selling owner's offer, time being of the
essence, then the selling owner may sell his apartment to his original
offeror. In any event, Council, shall have sole discretion in this
matter and no vote or approval of the Unit Owners is required. Any
holder of a mortgage which comes into possession of a unit pursuant to
the remedies provided in the mortgage or any purchaser at a sheriff sale
of the unit or any mortgages, or its designee, who accepts a deed for
the unit in lieu of foreclosure shall be exempt from the provision of
this section.

Any owner who wishes to lease or rent his unit shall, prior to accepting
any offer to lease or rent, give Council written notice of the terms of
such offer, which notice shall specify the name and address of the
offeror. Approval of Council, or of an agent designated by Council to
issue such approval, shall be required before such an agreement to lease
or rent can be executed. Council shall have sole discretion in the
matter of approving or rejecting rental or lease agreements, and shall
not be liable to any owner such action.

### Section 2: Lease Restrictions

(a) Leasing of Units is permitted only as provided herein.

(b) It is the policy of the Condominium Association to discourage the
    purchase of Condominium units solely for investment (i.e., where the
    Purchaser does not intend to occupy the unit). To implement this
    policy, no unit may, where acquired by purchase, be rented to a
    tenant before one year has elapsed since the date of purchase,
    unless the tenant is a member of the Purchaser's immediate family as
    herein defined or the Condominium Council determines in advance that
    the rental of the Unit to the proposed tenant will not violate the
    general policy. If the unit is rented on the date of purchase, the
    lease then in effect remains valid and the year referred to the
    above shall begin at the expiration of the lease. "Immediate Family"
    consists of the Purchaser's spouse, parents, grandparents,
    step-parents, brothers, sisters, children, step-children,
    grandchildren, nieces and nephews, and the same relations of the
    spouse of the Purchaser. This policy shall apply to all purchases of
    units taking place thirty (30) days or more after this provision has
    gone into effect.

(c) Commencing January 1, 2001, the maximum number of Units that may be
    leased at any one time is twenty(20). A lease between family members
    shall not be counted as a leased Unit.

(d) A Tenant occupying a Unit under a lease from the Unit Owner may not
    sublease or assign the Unit under any circumstances.

(e) Between April 1, 1996 and January 1, 2001, leases that were in
    effect as of March 31, 1996 may continue to their date of
    termination and may be renewed if to the same resident tenant.

(f) After April 1, 1996, any new leases must have the written approval
    of Council before it they will be valid. It is the intent of Council
    to reduce the number of leases between April 1, 1996 and January 1,
    2001 so that the maximum number of leased Units on January 1, 2001
    will be twenty (20).

(g) If at any time the approved number of leased Units in Amberson
    Towers falls below the leasing cap of twenty (20) Units, Council may
    grant additional number of leasing permits to reach, but not to
    exceed, the leasing cap number of twenty (20) Units in the building.
    All new leasing permits shall be good for one year only and all
    leases entered thereunder shall be for a lease term of no less nor
    more than one year and not renewable. Grandfathered Unit Owners as
    are defined below who are leasing their Units shall be counted
    toward this twenty (20) Unit leasing cap. Council is granted the
    authority to establish rules and regulations to include a system for
    selecting Unit Owners who will be permitted to lease their Units,
    and such other rules and regulations as it deems necessary from time
    to time for the proper administration and management of leasing in
    the building. Unit Owners who are permitted to lease their units
    shall not be required to pay rental fees to the Association. In any
    rules and regulations that it may adopt, Council may grant leasing
    preferences to Unit Owners based on their seniority as owners of
    Units in the building. No Unit Owner shall be approved to lease his
    Unit unless he has resided in the Unit for one continuous year.
    Those Unit Owners who were leasing their Units prior to May 15, 1996
    with the approval of Council, or were given the right by Council to
    lease their units as settlement of a legal dispute with Council, are
    hereby grandfathered and may continue to lease their Units without
    any limitation on the length or the number of leases or renewals,
    except that no lease shall be for a term of less than one (1) year.
    The status of any unit as grandfathered shall terminate upon sale or
    transfer of the unit to new owners.

(h) Renting of any Unit on Airbnb or similar online marketplace and
    hospitality service that enables people to lease or rent short-term
    lodging, is strictly prohibited. This applies to Unit Owners who
    rent their Units for a term of less than one year, irrespective of
    whether they are permitted to lease their Units or not.

### Section 3

Except as noted below, no person, partnership, trust, corporation,
limited liability company or other legal entity may be an owner of more
than two Units, whether directly, indirectly, in whole or in part.

Exceptions are as follows:

(a) This regulation shall not prevent any licensed lending agency or
    mortgage holder holding mortgages on more than two units from
    acquiring them by Sheriffs Sale in the event of default. Multiple
    ownership via this process shall be regarded as temporary, pending
    sale.

(b) Acquisition of Units through legal inheritance or marriage.

(c) In other special cases upon the unanimous approval of Council.

### Section 4

(a) Occupancy of any unit must include at least one person over 21 years
    of age and may not include unrelated persons unless all are over 21
    years of age.

(b) Where units are owned by parents for occupancy by sons and/or
    daughters, occupancy must include the sons and/or daughters of the
    owners.

(c) If the Unit Owner is a corporation, limited liability company,
    partnership, trust, or other legal entity, the natural person(s) who
    will occupy the Unit must have some relationship to the entity such
    as being a member, shareholder, owner or officer of a corporation or
    limited liability company, a partner in the partnership, a
    beneficiary of the trust, or a family member of any of the foregoing
    natural persons as defined in Section 2 of this Article.

### Section 5

No Unit shall be used for any purpose other than as a single family
private residential dwelling. No commercial activity, industry, trade,
business, occupation or profession of any kind shall be conducted,
maintained or permitted in any Unit, common areas or any other part of
the condominium.

### Section 6: Additions, Alterations or Improvements of Units

(a) Before making any repairs, alterations, or additions to any Unit
    including, but not limited to plumbing and electrical facilities, or
    changes to the floor covering of the Unit, the Unit Owner must first
    submit and obtain the written approval of Council and, where
    applicable, the approval of the City of Pittsburgh and/or other
    governing authority having jurisdiction at the owner's expense.

(b) Council is hereby empowered with the authority to adopt such rules
    and regulations as it deems necessary to administer, implement and
    effectuate the purposes of this section.

## ARTICLE IX: Miscellaneous

### Section 1

All bills payable, notes, checks or other negotiable instruments and all
contracts of Amberson Towers Condominium Association, and shall be
executed by the President or Vice-President and by the Secretary or
Treasurer, unless otherwise authorized by the Council.

### Section 2

The fiscal year of Amberson Towers Condominium Association shall begin
on the first day of January and end on the 31st day of December of every
year except that the first fiscal year shall begin as of the recording
of the deed of the first unit.

### Section 3

No contract or other transaction between Amberson Towers Council or
Amberson Towers Condominium Association and any other corporation, firm
or individual, and no act of the Council members, officers or Unit
Owners shall, in any way, be affected or invalidated by the fact that
any of its Unit Owners, Council members or Officers is pecuniarily or
otherwise interested as an owner, Council member, officer or otherwise
in such corporation or firm; provided, that such fact shall be disclosed
to the Council.; and any

Any Council member who is also a shareholder, director, employee or
officer of such other corporation, or a member, employee or owner of
such other firm, or who is so interested may be counted in determining
the existence of a such quorum at any meeting of Council which shall
authorize such contract or transaction with like effect as if he were
not such shareholder, director, officer, member, employee or owner of
such other corporation or firm, or were not so interested, but shall
abstain from participating in the discussion, deliberation or vote of
Council.

## ARTICLE X: Maintenance of Patios, If Any

While all adjacent and connecting terraces or patios at ground level and
above connected to individual apartments are common elements, each unit
Owner has an exclusive easement for the use and enjoyment of the terrace
or patio adjacent and connecting with his individual apartment.
Accordingly, the costs of maintenance thereof shall rest with and be
borne by the Unit Owner of the apartment to which said terrace or patio
is connected, if any.

## ARTICLE XI: Modification and Amendment

### Section 1

Notwithstanding anything in the Declaration and/or in this Code of
Regulations to the contrary, the Declaration and/or this Code of
Regulations may be altered, revised or modified in accordance with the
provisions of this Article. upon the written consent of the numbered
Unit Owners representing Sixty (60%) percent of the votes of Amberson
Towers. Any such revision, alteration, or modification shall be recorded
in the Recorder's Office of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, and shall
become effective as of the date of such recording.

### Section 2: Proposal of Amendments

Amendments to the Declaration and/or this Code of Regulations may be
proposed for consideration at any annual or budget meeting. Such
proposals must be initiated by a majority vote of Council or by a
written petition, signed by Unit Owners entitled to vote 10% of voting
shares, and delivered to the Secretary. Such proposals must be made no
later than February 1 to be placed on the agenda of the annual meeting,
and no later than August 1 to be placed on the agenda of the budget
meeting. Council may recommend, but not require, that owners amend their
petitions for clarity and/or consistency with other provisions in the
Declaration or Code of Regulations.

### Section 3: Amendments Limited to Single Topics

Each proposed Amendment shall pertain to a single topic, or to closely
related topics which are contingent upon each other, where separate
consideration would be infeasible.

### Section 4: Public Comment

Proposals shall be distributed to Unit Owners by electronic means or,
upon request of individual Unit Owners, by paper copy delivered to their
unit, or via postal mail. Council shall establish an electronic
mechanism by which Unit Owners may comment upon and discuss proposed
amendments, for a public comment period of no less than 30 (thirty)
days. Unit Owners will also have the option of submitting comments on
paper, which will be added to and made visible to participants in the
electronic forum. During the public comment period, Council, for a
proposal made by Council, or the Unit Owners, for a proposal madel by
petition, may revise their proposal in a manner consistent with comments
received. Revisions of proposals made by Council shall require a
majority vote of Council. Revisions of proposals made by petition of
Unit Owners must be signed by Unit Owners entitled to vote 10% of voting
shares, who were also signatories to the original proposal.

### Section 5: Procedure for Consideration

Amendments proposed in accordance with the provisions of this Article
shall be placed on the agenda of the next regular meeting of the Unit
Owners, and shall be included on the ballot for the meeting. To pass,
amendments must be approved by 2/3 of the shares voting, but no less
than the numbered Unit Owners representing one third (1/3) of the votes
of Amberson Towers. Amendments which pass shall be placed upon the
agenda and ballot of the next regular meeting to be discussed and voted
on a second time. To be approved, amendments must pass two consecutive
votes.

### Section 5: Minor Amendments

Amendments which are limited to matters of clarification or style, which
have no substantive effect, such as correction of typographical errors
or renumbering or reordering of sections, may be provisionally approved
by unanimous vote of Council. Such amendments must be published for
opposition by Unit Owners, for a period of no less than sixty (60) days.
If no objection is raised by any Unit Owner, the amendment will be
considered adopted. If any Unit owner objects, the amendment must be
reintroduced by the forgoing procedure for general Amendments.

### Section 6

Any modification which affects a particular Unit only shall have the
approval of that particular unit holder and the mortgagee of the same.

## ARTICLE XII: Construction of Provisions

The provisions of this Code of Regulations shall be liberally construed
to effectuate its purpose of creating a uniform plan for the development
and operation of a condominium apartment building. Failure to enforce
any provision thereof will not constitute a waiver of the right to
enforce said provision or any other provision hereof.

## ARTICLE XIII: Conflicts Between Declaration and Code of Regulations

In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Code of
Regulations and the Declaration, the Declaration shall govern.

## ARTICLE XIV: Severability of Provisions

The provisions hereof shall be deemed independent and severable, and the
invalidity or partial invalidity of any part shall not affect the
enforceability of any other provisions hereof. The use of the gender
pronoun "he" throughout this Code of Regulations, and as it may be
amended from time to time, is gender neutral and shall be inclusive of
both masculine and feminine persons.

## ARTICLE XV: Exculpability of Council and Officers

Neither the Council as a body nor any member thereof nor any officer
shall be personally liable to any Unit Owner in any respect for any
action or lack of action arising out of the execution of this office.
Each Unit Owner shall be bound by the good faith actions of the Council
and Officers of Amberson Towers Condominium Association in the execution
of the duties of said Council members and Officers. Unless acting in bad
faith, no Council member or Officer shall be liable to any Unit Owner or
other person for misfeasance or malfeasance in office.

## ARTICLE XVI

The Council shall from time to time issue rulings, regulations and
conditions which shall be binding upon all Apartment Unit Owners which
rulings, regulations and conditions shall be in the Council's sole
judgment for the general well-being, safety, care and cleanliness of the
building and shall include but shall not be limited to the following.

1.  No animals, birds or pets of any kind shall be brought or kept in or
    about the apartment unit or the building of which it is a part.
2.  Council may issue rules and regulations regarding the bringing or
    keeping of animals or pets in apartment units or the common areas of
    the building, including but not limited to prohibition of such
    animals, unless otherwise required by law. Under no circumstances
    shall it be permissible to bring or keep such animals in or about
    the building if they are vicious or aggressive or cause a nuisance
    or hazard of any kind, including but not limited to noise, odor,
    and/or unhealthful conditions.\
3.  All Unit Owners shall provide white curtain liners or white glass
    curtains as are presently used in the building.
4.  Council may issue rules and regulations regarding displays visible
    to the public. No text, images or symbols shall be displayed in
    windows which are visible to the public if such display shall cause
    controversy or increase costs for the Association.\
5.  Council may issue rules and regulations regarding allowable
    materials for use in repairs and renovation of units, including
    floor coverings. Each apartment unit shall be carpeted in amount
    equal to 80% of the floor space in every room, corridor, foyer,
    and/or vestibule with the exception of the kitchen and bathrooms.
    Replacement, upgrade, or installation of new carpeting in any Unit
    shall be padded, and both the carpet and padding shall be of high
    quality and, with the exception of the kitchen and bathrooms, shall
    cover 100% of the floor space in the Unit. All carpeting and padding
    All flooring materials shall be of high quality and must meet the
    minimum Impact Insulation Class (IIC) and Sound Transmission Class
    (STC) ratings and other standards or requirements as shall be
    established by Council to prevent or adequately reduce the
    transmission of sound between units. As used herein, the term
    "carpet", "carpeting" or "carpeted" does not include an area rug,
    throw rug or other rug of any kind, pad, mat, cushion, or
    underlayment used in conjunction with, or separately from, a carpet.
6.  Each Unit Owner shall carry an H06 apartment condominium owner's
    comprehensive insurance policy covering the inside of his apartment
    for contents and liability insurance therein, and shall file a copy
    of such policy with the Association. Council may establish
    requirements for minimum coverage limits.

## ARTICLE XVII: Smoking Prohibited

### Section 1

Effective immediately, smoking is hereby prohibited everywhere on the
property of Amberson Towers, including, but not limited to, individual
units, indoor and outdoor exclusive use areas, and indoor and outdoor
common areas. No owner shall smoke, or permit smoking by any occupant,
agent, tenant, invitee, guest, friend, family member, or any other
person, anywhere on the property. Smoking shall include the inhaling,
exhaling, breathing, carrying, or possession of any lighted cigarette,
cigar, pipe, other product containing any amount of tobacco, or other
similar heated, smoldering or lit product.

### Section 2

Notwithstanding the said prohibition against smoking, the Council may
designate (or remove from designation) an outdoor area for smoking,
provided the smoking area(s) shall not cause secondhand smoke to drift
into indoor common areas, exclusive use areas or individual units.

## ARTICLE XVIII: Mediation of Disputes Between Owners

Council shall may establish a system for the resolution of disputes
between Unit Owners, tenants Or other occupants of any Unit in
accordance with Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) procedures and fees
established by resolution of Council and published in the Rules and
Regulations of Amberson Towers Condominium.

Alternative dispute resolution shall also be available in all cases to
resolve disputes or complaints between unit owners and the Association
relating to meetings, quorums, voting, and association records under
Sections 3308, 3309, 3310, and 3316 of the Pennsylvania Uniform
Condominium Act.

## ARTICLE XIX: Open Meetings and Meeting Records

### Section 1: Open Meetings

All meetings of the Council, committees which the Council may from time
to time create, and any other bodies which may deliberate upon matters
pertaining to the Association shall be open to attendance by all Unit
Owners. No vote or official action of the Council may be taken outside
of such a meeting.

### Section 2: Announcement of Meetings and Agenda

All meetings of the Council shall be announced to Unit Owners a minimum
of five (5) days in advance. An agenda for each meeting shall be
distributed to all Unit Owners no less than 24 hours in advance of the
meeting.

### Section 3: Public Comment and Participation

If necessary for the interest of time, Unit Owners who are not members
of Council may be limited in their opportunity to speak at Council
meetings; however, Unit Owners will be given the opportunity to petition
to be heard on any topic, and also may submit written comments, which
will be included verbatim in the minutes of the meeting, as an addendum.

### Section 4: Executive Session

Council may, by majority vote, enter into executive session. The purpose
for entering executive session shall be limited to consideration of the
following topics, must be a specific, real and discrete matter, and must
be stated in the motion to enter executive session:

Discussing personnel matters; Holding an information, strategy and
negotiation session related to the negotiation of a collective
bargaining agreement; Considering the purchase or lease of real
property; Consulting with an attorney about active or pending
litigation; Discussing Association business which, if conducted in
public, would violate a lawful privilege or lead to the disclosure of
information or confidentiality protected by law;

No votes or other official action may be taken during an executive
session, except as provided in ARTICLE V, Section 15. Votes or other
official actions must be taken during the public portion of the meeting,
and must be documented in the minutes. Any vote or official action taken
contrary to this provision shall be null and void.

### Section 5: Meeting Minutes

A summary of the minutes of each Council meeting shall be distributed to
all Unit Owners within ten (10) days of the meeting. The summary of
minutes shall not serve as an official record of the meeting. The
official minutes of each Council meeting shall become part of the
records of the Association upon approval at a subsequent Council
meeting. Any Unit Owner may request a copy of the official minutes of
any meeting, once approved.

### Section 6: Open Records and Limitations

Records of the Association shall be available to Unit Owners for
inspection and copying, at reasonable times and for reasonable purposes,
including but not limited to: Financial Records financial documents
(budget, reserves, lien policies, insurance, financial statements, etc.)
interim financial statements, including (i) balance sheet, (ii) income
and expense statement, (iii) budget comparison, and (iv) general ledger
salaries paid to employees, vendors, or contractors (except as provided
by attorney-client privilege) which shall be set forth by job
classification or title, not by the employee's name, social security
number, or other personal information state and federal tax returns
reserve account balances and payments from reserves invoices, receipts,
canceled checks, purchase orders approved by the association, credit
card statements for credit cards issued in the name of the association,
statements for services rendered, and reimbursement requests submitted
to the association Governing Documents CC&Rs, articles of incorporation,
bylaws, condominium plan, operating rules, election rules, etc schedule
of monetary penalties used in rules enforcement. Contracts Minutes
(board, committee and membership meeting agendas and minutes, except for
executive session minutes) Election Materials Miscellaneous insurance
policies architectural plans escrow documents violation notices (the
general membership does not have the right to other members' violation
notices) membership lists

Records not subject to inspection shall include:

audit management representation letters bids and contract proposals
board packets correspondence between members, vendors or others with the
board (unless a letter is used as evidence in a disciplinary action
against another owner, in which case the disciplined owner has a right
to see it) disciplinary actions, collection activities, or payment plans
of other owners email between directors executive session minutes
information privileged by law, such as documents subject to
attorney-client privilege or relating to litigation in which the
association is or may become involved, and confidential settlement
agreements interior architectural plans of homes legal invoices personal
information, including social security number, tax id number, driver's
license number, credit card account numbers, bank account number, and
bank routing number personnel records (other than salaries) records
likely to lead to identity theft records likely to lead to fraud records
reasonably likely to compromise the privacy of an individual member
security camera recordings video recordings of meetings

### Section 7: Access to Records by Members of Council

Members of Council shall have the absolute right, at any reasonable
time, to inspect and copy all books, records, and documents of every
kind and to inspect the physical properties of the Association.

## ARTICLE XX: Elections and Votes

### Section 1: Election Committee

All elections and votes of the Association shall be administered by an
election committee composed of five natural persons, who are Unit
Owners.

Members of the election committee shall be nominated by unanimous vote
of the Council prior to the annual budget meeting. Each election
committee must include at least two members who did not serve during the
previous term. Members of Council may not simultaneously serve on the
election committee.

The vote at each budget meeting will be administered by the election
committee nominated during the previous year. Each new election
committee will oversee the vote at the following annual meeting, the
subsequent budget meeting, and any other intervening votes.

### Section 2: Inspector of Election

The election committee shall choose one of its members, by majority
vote, to serve as Inspector of Election. The Inspector of Election shall
chair meetings of the election committee and coordinate its activities.
The election committee may, at any time, by majority vote, appoint a new
member of the committee as Inspector of Election.

No Unit Owner shall serve consecutive terms as Inspector of Election.

### Section 3: Vacancies and Removal of Members

A member of the election committee may be recommended for removal by a
unanimous vote of the other members of the election committee, which
must be ratified by a majority vote of the Council.

In the event of a vacancy on the election committee, the Council shall
appoint a replacement, by unanimous vote, to fill the remainder of the
vacated term.

### Section 4: Meetings and Election Methods

The election committee shall hold open meetings, shall publish a
description of the election method it intends to employ, and shall
provide an opportunity for public comment prior to adoption.

Election methods adopted by the election committee must satisfy the
following criteria:

All Unit owners must have an equal opportunity to vote, via paper ballot
or electronically, without the requirement to attend a meeting in person
as a condition of voting. It must be possible for Unit Owners to vote in
a manner that maintains the secrecy of their vote. It must not be
possible for ballots to be duplicated, falsified or discarded without
detection. It must be possible to determine which Unit Owners have voted
on any question, and the list of Unit owners who have voted must be
published as part of the election results.

### Section 5: Neutrality of Council

The Council shall remain neutral in all elections and votes, and shall
not, as a body, endorse any candidate or take a position on any
question. This shall not preclude any members of Council from voicing
their own personal opinions or making endorsements.

No member of Council who is a candidate in any election shall vote on
any question pertaining to that election.

The Council also shall not take any action with the intent or effect of
dissuading individual Unit Owners from communicating freely with each
other and voicing their opinions on any candidate or question being
voted upon. This includes but is not limited to making use of electronic
forums made generally available to all Unit Owners, distribution of
letters or handouts to individual units, or posting notices on bulletin
boards or in other common areas customarily made available for posting
notices, with the exception that individual Unit Owners who request to
opt out of having election related materials distributed to the units
shall have their wishes respected.

No communication channel controlled by the Association which is not
generally available to all shall be used for purposes of promoting
candidates or positions on ballot questions, other than distribution of
reminders to vote, unless it is made equally available to all candidates
and to both proponents and opponents of ballot questions.

### Section 6: Neutrality of Employees and Contractors

No employee or contractor of the Association shall participate in any
way in the conduct or administration of any election or vote, except to
provide clerical assistance at the request of the Inspector of Election.
This includes but is not limited to the design and preparation of
ballots, the collection of ballots or proxies, and/or the counting of
ballots.

This shall not apply to a professional, disinterested party hired by the
Association solely for the purpose of administration of an election, who
has no other financial interest or other conflict of interest.

### Section 7: Announcement of Election Results

Upon certification of the results of any election or vote, the results
will be announced by the election committee to the Unit Owners and
published on the website for a minimum of three years. Announcement of
the results shall include a list of units that participated in the vote.

### Section 8: Rights of Candidates

If any candidate for office, or any Unit Owner who is a proponent or
opponent of any ballot question, believes that the election or votes is
not being conducted in a free and fair manner, they shall have the
option of requiring that the election or vote be administered by a
professional, disinterested party mutually agreeable to all Unit Owners
exercising this prerogative and to the election committee. The Unit
Owners exercising this prerogative shall be responsible for paying any
additional cost to the Association.

### Section 9: Dispute Resolution

Any disputes regarding elections or votes shall be resolved via the
alternative dispute resolution process established by Council pursuant
to ARTICLE XVIII.

Except as modified herein, the undersigned Association hereby publishes
and reaffirms the Code of Regulations as amended.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officers of Amberson Towers
Condominium Association have set their hands below.

AMBERSON TOWERS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION,\
a Nonprofit Corporation

Warren Wolowicz, Vice President Ralf Brown, Secretary

## Schedule A

^[The unit shares don't currently add up to 100% (they add up to 99.9989%).  This is insignificant, but makes spreadsheets much more complicated.  This change adjusts a few shares by 0.0001%, so that the total is 100.0000%]

| APT. UNIT NO. | PERCENTAGE |
|:--------------|:-----------|
| 100           | 0.6747%    |
| 101           | 0.3767%    |
| 102           | 0.3767%    |
| 103           | 0.6747%    |
| 104           | 0.4675%    |
| 105           | 0.4548%    |
| 106           | 0.4633%    |
| 107           | 0.4548%    |
| 109           | 0.63776%   |
| 111           | 0.4570%    |
| 112           | 0.6551%    |
| 113           | 0.6147%    |
| 114           | 0.4675%    |
| 115           | 0.3597%    |
| 116           | 0.4675%    |
| 117           | 0.3442%    |
| 118+120       | 1.0956%    |
| 119           | 0.6747%    |
| 121           | 0.3767%    |
| 200           | 0.6747%    |
| 201           | 0.3767%    |
| 202           | 0.3767%    |
| 203           | 0.6747%    |
| 204           | 0.4675%    |
| 205           | 0.4548%    |
| 206           | 0.4633%    |
| 207           | 0.4548%    |
| 209           | 0.63776%   |
| 210           | 0.4463%    |
| 211           | 0.4570%    |
| 212           | 0.8028%    |
| 213           | 0.6147%    |
| 214           | 0.4675%    |
| 215           | 0.4505%    |
| 216           | 0.4675%    |
| 217           | 0.4548%    |
| 218           | 0.6747%    |
| 219           | 0.6747%    |
| 220           | 0.3767%    |
| 221           | 0.3767%    |
| 300           | 0.6747%    |
| 301           | 0.3767%    |
| 302           | 0.3767%    |
| 303           | 0.6747%    |
| 304           | 0.4675%    |
| 305           | 0.4548%    |
| 306           | 0.4633%    |
| 307           | 0.4548%    |
| 308           | 0.4740%    |
| 309           | 0.63776%   |
| 310           | 0.4463%    |
| 311           | 0.4570%    |
| 312           | 0.8028%    |
| 313           | 0.6147%    |
| 314           | 0.4675%    |
| 315           | 0.4505%    |
| 316           | 0.4675%    |
| 317           | 0.4548%    |
| 318           | 0.6747%    |
| 319           | 0.6747%    |
| 320           | 0.3767%    |
| 321           | 0.3767%    |
| 400           | 0.6747%    |
| 401           | 0.3767%    |
| 402           | 0.3767%    |
| 403           | 0.6747%    |
| 404           | 0.4675%    |
| 405           | 0.4548%    |
| 406           | 0.4633%    |
| 407           | 0.4548%    |
| 408           | 0.4740%    |
| 409           | 0.63776%   |
| 410           | 0.4463%    |
| 411           | 0.4570%    |
| 412           | 0.8028%    |
| 413           | 0.6147%    |
| 414           | 0.4675%    |
| 415           | 0.4505%    |
| 416           | 0.4675%    |
| 417           | 0.4548%    |
| 418           | 0.6747%    |
| 419           | 0.6747%    |
| 420           | 0.3767%    |
| 421           | 0.3767%    |
| 500           | 0.6747%    |
| 501           | 0.3767%    |
| 502           | 0.3767%    |
| 503           | 0.6747%    |
| 504           | 0.4675%    |
| 505           | 0.4548%    |
| 506           | 0.4633%    |
| 507           | 0.4548%    |
| 508           | 0.4740%    |
| 509           | 0.63776%   |
| 510           | 0.4463%    |
| 511           | 0.4570%    |
| 512           | 0.8028%    |
| 513           | 0.6147%    |
| 514           | 0.4675%    |
| 515           | 0.4505%    |
| 516           | 0.4675%    |
| 517           | 0.4548%    |
| 518           | 0.6747%    |
| 519           | 0.6747%    |
| 520           | 0.3767%    |
| 521           | 0.3767%    |
| 600           | 0.6747%    |
| 601           | 0.3767%    |
| 602           | 0.3767%    |
| 603           | 0.6747%    |
| 604           | 0.4675%    |
| 605           | 0.4548%    |
| 606           | 0.4633%    |
| 607           | 0.4548%    |
| 608           | 0.4740%    |
| 609           | 0.63776%   |
| 610           | 0.4463%    |
| 611           | 0.4570%    |
| 612           | 0.8028%    |
| 613           | 0.6147%    |
| 614           | 0.4675%    |
| 615           | 0.4505%    |
| 616           | 0.4675%    |
| 617           | 0.4548%    |
| 618           | 0.6747%    |
| 619           | 0.6747%    |
| 620           | 0.3767%    |
| 621           | 0.3767%    |
| 700           | 0.6747%    |
| 701           | 0.3767%    |
| 702           | 0.3767%    |
| 703           | 0.6747%    |
| 704           | 0.4675%    |
| 705           | 0.45487%   |
| 706           | 0.4633%    |
| 707           | 0.4548%    |
| 708           | 0.4740%    |
| 709           | 0.63776%   |
| 710           | 0.4463%    |
| 711           | 0.4570%    |
| 712           | 0.8028%    |
| 713           | 0.6147%    |
| 714           | 0.4675%    |
| 715           | 0.4505%    |
| 716           | 0.4675%    |
| 717           | 0.4548%    |
| 718           | 0.6747%    |
| 719           | 0.6747%    |
| 720           | 0.3767%    |
| 721           | 0.3767%    |
| 800           | 0.6747%    |
| 801           | 0.3767%    |
| 802           | 0.3767%    |
| 803           | 0.6747%    |
| 804           | 0.4675%    |
| 805           | 0.4548%    |
| 806           | 0.4633%    |
| 807           | 0.45487%   |
| 808           | 0.4740%    |
| 809           | 0.63776%   |
| 810           | 0.4463%    |
| 811           | 0.4570%    |
| 812           | 0.8028%    |
| 813           | 0.6147%    |
| 814           | 0.4675%    |
| 815           | 0.4505%    |
| 816           | 0.4675%    |
| 817           | 0.4548%    |
| 818           | 0.6747%    |
| 819           | 0.6747%    |
| 820           | 0.3767%    |
| 821           | 0.3767%    |
| 900           | 0.6747%    |
| 901           | 0.3767%    |
| 902+903       | 1.0918%    |
| 904           | 0.4675%    |
| 905           | 0.4548%    |
| 906           | 0.4633%    |
| 907           | 0.4548%    |
| 908           | 0.4740%    |
| 909           | 0.63767%   |
| 910           | 0.4463%    |
| 911           | 0.4570%    |
| 912           | 0.8028%    |
| 913           | 0.6147%    |
| 914           | 0.4675%    |
| 915           | 0.4505%    |
| 916           | 0.4675%    |
| 917           | 0.4548%    |
| 918           | 0.6747%    |
| 919+921       | 0.8410%    |
| 920           | 0.3767%    |
